this is better than my imagination this
is more than a dream come true without
the slightest bit of hesitation I knew
what I was meant to do
what do you want to do now let's play
grown-up okay get off the ground you'll
get your clothes dirty
Aaron you March up to your room right
this minute and I don't want to hear
another peep from you don't use that
tone of voice me young lady
do you think you're talking to one of
your friends you win your
hello Andrew
I know he moved honey
I left the keys to the house I'm showing
on the kitchen counter Oh the client
must have been pretty impressed how
about I bring him right over thank you
and please hurry
well keys are on the way you probably
noticed that when you step on the lawn
and then get off the grass pops right
back up so which one is Mimi and which
one's Diane hi mom finally thanks
sweetie
you're just gonna love the inside of
this house I'm Andrew Mimi
I had fish named that once maybe Diane
comes it your room room
by the power of Ultraman
need anything else broken dr. J dr. J
are you doing an experiment on anything
Landon never ever pick up a man of
science dr. J I met these two girls
today yes and I broke this branch
naturally no I couldn't break it as
androids but then I called for the
Ultraman powers and bam I've got super
strength
andrew is probably indicative of the
normal muscular development of a young
teenage boy no I'm sorry
I've got a new power come on dr. J test
me test you just don't destroy four
years of my life what is this thing this
thing is a positive ion container this
took you four years I worked on other
projects on the weekends still Oh Andrew
go home do your homework come back
tomorrow and I will test you
but can the world wait
we'll just have to take that chance
by you seen your sister
no mom hi sweetie
oh hi mom what happened to your boots
they got wet whoa
they found some water all by themselves
well I tried to stop them but for you in
the ravine again yes I was bitten
how many times have I told you not to
play there what's been there a zillion
times and nothing's ever happened okay
for I don't want you to go over there
okay but Melissa's mom the charcoal well
gee I'm not Melissa's mom and everything
can be very dangerous the one upstairs
take those wet clothes off unless of
course they can do it by themselves
that's the point of skateboards honey I
need your help I have to go to a house
and I want you to look after Aaron but
mom I was going dr. J's well just take
her with you
Oh mom you don't know anything pardon me
but you sure know how to sell houses so
why don't you do that and I'll take care
of Aaron okay J ultraman discovered
super
I wonder what's next x-ray vision
super-hearing reading people's minds and
Jude you wait don't tell me you want
some ice cream
no I wait you're going to tell me you've
finished drawing the dishes no you
haven't watched them yet okay you wanted
to I was going to ask you if you wanted
to play clue oh I should have guessed
that so do you want to play I have to go
to dr. Jeff Coates but you're supposed
to watch me I won't be long and we can
play when I get back I promise you set
up the board okay and yes you can be
Colonel Mustard I wanted to be Professor
plum
what do you say we make it an even
thousand doc would you like that all on
one side or evenly distribute it as if
it would make a difference all right try
that
I forgot to invoke the powers by the
power of Ultraman I invoke super
strength
I'm warmed up
keep them coming doc
so what does it say just as I thought
then it's true yes their muscle has
increased in size by a whole millimeter
Andrew your perfectly normal no it can't
be
then I'd be just like you which is good
let's not be greedy you can fly you've
got super speed yeah what if I just had
super strength imagine all the people I
could help well there is a way that you
can increase your powers and be helpful
to mankind what what can I do study
hi what are you doing nothing let's go
play I can't
Andrews watching me and I'm not supposed
to go anywhere where is he
he went out well if he went out why
can't you you're smart
I'm
Aaron Aaron I'm back let's play if you
don't get down here soon I'm rolling
first
okay come on out
okay
all right come out with your hands up
cuz I know you're in there my best
spider-man shorts hello hi how's it
going
no I still have two children oh that's a
good one mom
things are great couldn't be better good
can I talk to Aaron for a second oh no
uh she's in the bathroom oh okay well
listen I don't think these people are
ever going to make up their minds so
I'll be a while oh there's no need to
rush mom your job is important too
actually it's kind of nice spending some
time with Aaron oh that's sweet
what's wrong nothing
we're playing games Ana's favorite
hide-and-seek she's winning
all right well listen I've got a goal
don't exceed the speed limit
dr. J Ellis have you seen Aaron many
times well not even a snicker have you
seen her today no I'm
dr. J I can't find Aaron I looked all
over
IIIi went to the park I went to the
video arcade room house I went and try
to think where else is she likely to
have gone the Science Center why did she
go there the playground and a second
Melissa how about the store which one
Andrew what is it melissa is Aaron back
from the ravine yet no maybe she went
the ravine she was at the ravine yeah we
were playing hide-and-seek where is she
I don't know I couldn't find her so I
thought she went home she wasn't
supposed to go to the ravine how could
she go to the ravine weren't you
supposed to be watching her oh yeah but
yeah Thank You Melissa I hope she's okay
don't worry we'll find her
come on some trade super-hearing down
there are you alright
just a minute
just by the power of Ultraman I invoke
my super strength
are you alright don't worry everything's
gonna be fine you goof I could have died
down there and you're up here babbling
why didn't you stay home like I told you
to because you weren't there or I didn't
have anybody to play with well that's no
reason
yeah you're right I'm sorry
it's okay I'm sorry I drank your
lemonade
hmm you be a little more specific super
strength
I move the manhole cover that weighs a
ton easy
well Andrew there are numerous
documented cases of people who have
lifted cars or trees or huge concrete
slabs off trap people to save them what
do you sing everybody has super strength
in the right circumstances it is
possible daddy it's called adrenaline
it's amazing what you can do when
somebody you love is threatened
what's wrong with Andrew Clemons saving
the day sometimes instead of Ultraman
yeah I guess you're right wait a minute
think something and no no don't tell me
I'm sorry but I had to wash my hair
three times
that's okay we've got all night good
news I sold the house great mmm so what
did you guys do today
the usual well I've had a long day I'm
gonna go change Oh Andrew Diana and Mimi
would like to know if you'd like to go
to a movie tonight
now maybe another time I've got better
things to do tonight